    						<----List of Java Keywords---->
					    ---------------------------------------
					    ---------------------------------------

0. Abstract:: Java abstract keyword is used to declare abstract class. Abstract class can provide the implementation of 
interface. It can have abstract and non-abstract methods.

1. Boolean:: Java boolean keyword is used to declare a variable as a boolean type. It can hold True and False values only.

2. Break: Java break keyword is used to break loop or switch statement. It breaks the current flow of the program at
 specified condition.

3. Byte:: Java byte keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold an 8-bit data values.

4. Case:: Java case keyword is used to with the switch statements to mark blocks of text.

5. Catch:: Java catch keyword is used to catch the exceptions generated by try statements. It must be used after the try
 block only.

6. Char:: Java char keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold unsigned 16-bit Unicode characters

7. Class:: Java class keyword is used to declare a class.

8. Continue:: Java continue keyword is used to continue the loop. It continues the current flow of the program and skips
 the remaining code at the specified condition.

9.Default:: Java default keyword is used to specify the default block of code in a switch statement.

10. Do:: Java do keyword is used in control statement to declare a loop. It can iterate a part of the program several times.

11. Double:: Java double keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 64-bit floating-point numbers.

12. Else:: Java else keyword is used to indicate the alternative branches in an if statement.

13. Enum:: Java enum keyword is used to define a fixed set of constants. Enum constructors are always private or default.

14. Extends:: Java extends keyword is used to indicate that a class is derived from another class or interface.

15. Final:: Java final keyword is used to indicate that a variable holds a constant value. It is applied with a variable. 
It is used to restrict the user.

16. Finally:: Java finally keyword indicates a block of code in a try-catch structure. This block is always executed 
whether exception is handled or not.

17. Float:: Java float keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 32-bit floating-point number.

18. For:: Java for keyword is used to start a for loop. It is used to execute a set of instructions/functions repeatedly
 when some conditions become true. If the number of iteration is fixed, it is recommended to use for loop.

19. If:: Java if keyword tests the condition. It executes the if block if condition is true.

20. Implements:: Java implements keyword is used to implement an interface.

21. Import:: Java import keyword makes classes and interfaces available and accessible to the current source code.

22. Instanceof:: Java instanceof keyword is used to test whether the object is an instance of the specified class or 
implements an interface.

23. Int:: Java int keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 32-bit signed integer.

24. Interface:: Java interface keyword is used to declare an interface. It can have only abstract methods.

25. Long:: Java long keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 64-bit integer.

26. Native:: Java native keyword is used to specify that a method is implemented in native code using JNI (Java Native
 Interface).

27. New:: Java new keyword is used to create new objects.

28. Null:: Java null keyword is used to indicate that a reference does not refer to anything. It removes the garbage value.

29. Package:: Java package keyword is used to declare a Java package that includes the classes.

30. Private:: Java private keyword is an access modifier. It is used to indicate that a method or variable may be accessed
 only in the class in which it is declared.

31. Protected:: Java protected keyword is an access modifier. It can be accessible within package and outside the package
 but through inheritance only. It can't be applied on the class.

32. Public:: Java public keyword is an access modifier. It is used to indicate that an item is accessible anywhere. It has
 the widest scope among all other modifiers.

33. Return:: Java return keyword is used to return from a method when its execution is complete.

34. Short:: Java short keyword is used to declare a variable that can hold a 16-bit integer.

35. Static:: Java static keyword is used to indicate that a variable or method is a class method. The static keyword in Java
 is used for memory management mainly.

36. Strictfp:: Java strictfp is used to restrict the floating-point calculations to ensure portability.

37. Super:: Java super keyword is a reference variable that is used to refer parent class object. It can be used to invoke
 immediate parent class method.

38. Switch:: The Java switch keyword contains a switch statement that executes code based on test value. The switch
 statement tests the equality of a variable against multiple values.

39. Synchronized:: Java synchronized keyword is used to specify the critical sections or methods in multithreaded code.

40. This:: Java this keyword can be used to refer the current object in a method or constructor.

41. Throw:: The Java throw keyword is used to explicitly throw an exception. The throw keyword is mainly used to throw
 custom exception. It is followed by an instance.

42. Throws:: The Java throws keyword is used to declare an exception. Checked exception can be propagated with throws.

43. Transient:: Java transient keyword is used in serialization. If you define any data member as transient, it will not be
 serialized.

44. Try:: Java try keyword is used to start a block of code that will be tested for exceptions. The try block must be
 followed by either catch or finally block.

45. Void:: Java void keyword is used to specify that a method does not have a return value.

46. Volatile:: Java volatile keyword is used to indicate that a variable may change asynchronously.

47. While:: Java while keyword is used to start a while loop. This loop iterates a part of the program several times. If
 the number of iteration is not fixed, it is recommended to use while loop.